This game will be based on Stardew Valley.  A user moves around in a world with a third person view.

Ask questions if you need guidance, but be creative and make decisions based on your best guess of what we'd want based on what you know about the game we are building.

At the start of the game, the user should pick all the features of their character avatar, including:
  -skin, hair, eyes, clothing, body, glasses (optional), and footwear.

The character lives in the city.
    
You have to select an occupation from:
  Animal Cafe Owner
  Restaurant Owner/Chef
  Gardiner

The GUI has indicators for:
    Energy Level
    Hunger
    Boredom

Locations:
  Grocery Store
  House
  Playground
  Yoga Studio
  Animal Cafe
  Restaurant
  Garden
  Town

Gameplay

Hunger
    When you're hungry, you must eat.  You buy food at the grocery store.
    When your energy level is low, you go home to sleep, or go to the yoga studio to replenish energy.
    (If your energy level goes to zero, you faint and loose $100.)
    You get hungry from the passage of time and from doing work or exercise, including walking around.

  Boredom
    You get bored if you haven't played in the playground, or done yoga, for a week.

  Time
    If after a year in the game, a boquet will appear in a random place.  If you find it, you have to press ALT-O to get the boquet.
    You can talk to the other players in the game by pressing ALT-I.
      Sometimes they ask you multiple choice questions, which you can respond to by pressing the appropriate #.

    ALT-U will give away a present to another player.

    Receiving two presents makes the other characers ask to marry you.  Pressing 1, responds yes, 2=no.

  Marriage
    After a few months, your spouse will ask if you want to have a kid. 1=yes, 2=no.
    After 2 weeks the baby will be born and you'll have to buy groceries to support the baby.
    After 5 more weeks it becomes a toddler and can move around on it's own.
    5 weeks later the toddler becomes a kid
    6 weeks later the kid becomes a teenager
    7 weeks later, the teenager becomes an adult and moves out and becomes your neighbour
    when it's a baby, once daily it needs to be fed or it will die.
    
Keyboard Controls
  The following keys take you to various locations:
    F: Grocery store
    G: Garden
    H: Town
    J: Restaurant
    K: Animal Cafe
    L: Yoga Studio
    O: Playground
    I: House
    ALT-Y: give the baby milk.
